Allow database names to start with a digit (#1952)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/naming-databases.adoc

Naming rules for databases are as follows:

* Length must be between 3 and 63 characters.
* The first character of a name must be an ASCII alphabetic or numeric character.

> Support for database names starting with a numeric character was added in 2025.1.

Reviewer: We try to use present tense where possible.
```suggestion
Support for database names starting with a numeric character is available from Neo4j 2025.01.
```

[NOTE]
====
The `-` (dash) and `.` (dot) characters are not legal in Cypher variables.

> Names containing a `-` or tha begin with a numeric character must be enclosed within backticks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Names containing a `-` or that begin with a numeric character must be enclosed within backticks.
```
